Remove doesn't  remove (#19547)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/configuration-sections-schema.md

[**\<configuration>**](configuration-element.md)
[**\<configSections>**](configsections-element-for-configuration.md)
[**\<section>**](section-element.md)
[**\<sectionGroup>**](sectiongroup-element-for-configsections.md)

|     | Description |
| --- | ----------- |
| [**\<configSections>**](configsections-element-for-configuration.md) | Contains configuration section and namespace declarations. |
| [**\<section>** for **\<configSections>** and **\<sectionGroup>**](section-element.md) | Contains a configuration section declaration. |
| [**\<sectionGroup>** for **\<configSections>**](sectiongroup-element-for-configsections.md) | Defines a namespace for configuration sections. |

<a name="dep"></a>

> # Deprecated elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deprecated elements
```

> The following elements have no impact on configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following elements have no impact and should not be used:
```
